Windowing in KSQL, is largely similar to what we've seen before with Faust.
KSQL supports both hopping and tumbling
windows with the same rules that you're already familiar with.
KSQL also supports a type of windowing known as Session Windowing,
which we're going to review in depth in this section.
As with Faust or any other stream processing framework,
Windows in KSQL are used during aggregate operations.
Like Faust, KSQL Supports Hopping and Tumbling Windows.
The example on the screen demonstrates the usage of a tumbling window.
You simply specify the Windows tumbling and specify that
the size of the window should be 10 minutes.
This can be seconds or hours or other time sizes.
We could easily turn this into a hopping window by modifying the query it to use
the hopping keyword and adding the advanced keyword with an interval.
So again, the only difference here is that this now says,
"Hopping" and we've added advance by one minute.
Here, we're simply asking KSQL to take this 10-minute window
that we've defined and move it forward every one minute.